Adding no-hardware can/cannot do lists (#482)
kubos/kubos: docs/getting-started/no-board.rst

I Don't Have Hardware Yet, What Can I Do?
=========================================

Frequently mission projects are started with an idea of the intended mission architecture, but before
hardware has been received.
Hardware acquisition lead times can be quite long, in the realm of months, making it useful for
mission engineers to be able to begin developing their system's software before their hardware
arrives.

> The Kubos SDK allows some of the high-level mission logic to be fleshed out and tested before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubos SDK allows testing integration with :doc:`KubOS core services <../ecosystem/services/core-services>` and development of the high-level mission logic before
```

integrating with the final hardware system.

What Can Be Done
----------------

- Tutorials - The majority of the KubOS :doc:`tutorials <../tutorials/index>` can be completed
  without hardware. These tutorials will familiarize developers with basic system interactions and
  architecture
- Limited application development - High-level mission logic can be stubbed out and tested by running
  everything within a local development environment. Once hardware is acquired, the stubbed out
  code can be replaced with proper system calls.

> - Core service testing - All :doc:`core service <../ecosystem/services/core-services>` can be run

Reviewer: Is this actually true?
